Port Ludlow Resort, 300-slip Marina
Resort at Port Ludlow, WA
Enjoy relaxing on the wooden beaches!
Resort at Port Ludlow, WA
Point Wilson Lighthouse, Port Townsend, WA
totem pole at the Resort
Marine Science Aquarium that has seen better days
More sun-drenched beaches... of wood
Lie on the comfortable, rock strewn beaches...
Point Wilson Lighthouse that has seen better days...
Look, it&apos;s another totem pole... picture.
Another shot of the harbor...
Crabs just wash up on the beaches, ready to be throw in a pot and boiled... Or, what&apos;s left of them.
Playground of the rich...
Right near where my house isn&apos;t
Another shot the lighthouse
Some say this is a lighthouse, cuz there&apos;s a light at the top...
Not a lighthouse.  But a really good whoopie pie.
Spotted on a street near the Port Angeles Ferry
Absolutely not the same totem pole, if you close you eyes...
View from the ferry leaving Port Angelese to Vancouver Island
Looking south from the dock of the house I stayed at in Port Ludlow
These statues were 7&apos; tall, if you were really high on something...
Drawbridge to Poulsbo, WA.
Yet another shot of the marina...
U.S. Post Office at Fort Gamble, WA
On the ferry to Vancouver Island, looking back at Port Angeles
Killer view of the snow capped Olympic Mountains from the ferry
No, not another picture of the marina!
View facing north from the deck of the house I stayed at...
View facing south from the deck of the house I stayed at...
Rich people sailing around the Resort at Port Ludlow...
More views from the ferry
Where the ferry leaves from...
More ferry views
Make your own beach chair!
Almost as nice as the white sandy beaches of Carmel...
You think you live in a small house?
Read and learn                               
Point Wilson Lighthouse
New plantings at my house in Port Ludlow.
The &quot;Bus Stop&quot; that cost me $15,000 to put in to  mitigate the fact that the ASSHOLE next door built his house on top of mine
The view that the neighbor wasn&apos;t able to steal from me.
Two Coastal Redwoods I planted in the front yard.
I hope they survive and thrive...
This is an Alaskan Cedar that should really cool in about 5 years.
My car, my house, my picture.  It&apos;s all about me.
It&apos;s like fall, only with two colors.  Beautiful, though.
I came earound a bend in the road and this mountain jumped out....
...it was stunning in person.
